Welcome to Vvardenfell, outlander. To get familiar with this strange land, you should first travel to Seyda Neen and visit Arrille's Tradehouse.;travel;Seyda Neen, Arrille's Tradehouse;1;gold_001;50;Upon entering Arrille's Tradehouse's you find 50 gold laying on the floor. You pick it up, since it seems to be a smart thing to do.;
Talk to Arrille and learn how bartering works. Buy yourself a bottle of Mazte - a local brew - he has, then use /questdeliver to complete the quest.;gather;potion_local_brew_01;1;gold_001;0;You have completed the task and familiarized yourself with the bartering process in this land.;
Now it is time to practice some combat. Go outside of Seyda Neen and find a mudcrab to kill;hunt;mudcrab;mudcrab-diseased;1;gold_001;50;What is this? Upon slaying the mudcrab, you found 50 pieces of gold in it.;
Last fight was too easy. Try finding a kwama forager to slay for a bigger challenge.;hunt;kwama forager;kwama forager_tb;kwama forager blighted;1;ingred_pearl_01;1;Inside its dead body, you found a shiny pearl!;
You heard people mention a slaver cave near the town. Visit it to investigate.;travel;Addamasartus;1;gold_001;0;Let's see if there's anyone home...;
Slavery is legal in these lands. Nevertheless, some people are against it. But you are more interested in how the slaves are being treated. You heard that slaves wear special bracers, so see if you can obtain a right bracer.;gather;slave_bracer_right;1;gold_001;0;Interesting piece of item, although ultimately useless to you.;
This combat sure is exhausting. Why not visit Seyda Neen's lighthouse and enjoy the view?;travel;Seyda Neen, Lighthouse;1;amulet of health;1;As you enter the lighthouse, you find an amulet of healing. You take it in hopes that no one misses it.;
Time to do some gathering. Find an ampule pod, a coda flower, a violet coprinus and a luminous russula. You hear that all of these ingredients can be found in the swamps around Seyda Neen.;gather;ingred_bc_ampoule_pod;ingred_bc_coda_flower;ingred_coprinus_01;ingred_russula_01;1;1;1;1;p_fortify_strength_s;2;The ingredients disappear and you find 2 standard fortify strength potions in your inventory. You doubt that the ingredients would produce the same results through proper alchemy, but you raise no further questions.;
You recall a seeing a sign pointing towards town called Pelagiad. Why not visit its local tavern?;travel;Pelagiad, Halfway Tavern;1;gold_001;259;Entering the tavern, you notice that the last customer left a pouch of gold on the table. You quickly swipe it, before anyone realizes what is going on.;
In the tavern, you see a notice. It reads: "Wanted help slaying local mudcrabs. Reward: 500 gold for 3 kills." You make this task your number one priority.;hunt;mudcrab;mudcrab-diseased;3;gold_001;0;As the last mudcrab dies, you decide to head back to the tavern to collect your reward.;
You must now return to the tavern to claim your reward.;travel;Pelagiad, Halfway Tavern;1;gold_001;500;Upon entering the place, Drelasa Ramothran hands you your reward.;
While this small town sure is a nice place, you feel like your skills are better used someplace else. How about travelling to Balmora's Lucky Lockup and see if anyone needs help there?;travel;Balmora, Lucky Lockup;1;gold_001;0;As you enter the place, you see a note hanging on the wall.;
The note reads: "Interested in Daedric Weapons? Visit Ra'virr's.";travel;Balmora, Ra'Virr: Trader;1;gold_001;0;Ra'virr, upon seeing an outlander enter his store, offers you a way to earn some gold, so that you could afford some of his famous weapons.;
Ra'virr says he lacks a daedra's heart for his "project". Is this how he acquires his goods? Either way, a thousand gold for one daedra's heart seems like a good deal. But where to find it? Maybe someone in town has one...;gather;ingred_daedras_heart_01;1;gold_001;1000;Through means unknown, you send the heart to Ra'virr and find yourself slightly richer.;
Looking for more tasks, you decide to visit the local guild of mages - the wizards ALWAYS need some errand boys and girls.;travel;Balmora, Guild of Mages;1;amulet of almsivi intervention;1;Once you enter the guild's local residence, one of the mages offers you a task. She gives you an ALMSIVI intervention amulet so that you can return to Balmora's temple in case you get lost.;
The mage has requested five pieces of kresh fiber. Should not be too hard to find some outside of Balmora's walls.;gather;ingred_kresh_fiber_01;5;sc_blackstorm;sc_hellfire;1;1;The mage teleports the fiber out of your pockets and hands you two magical scrolls, which you feel should be useful in future battles.;
Looking for even MORE quests, you decide to visit the fighters guild.;travel;Balmora, Guild of Fighters;1;gold_001;200;Upon inquiring about any tasks that need doing, one of the members of the guild indeed finds a small task for you. He also hands you 200 gold in case you need to prepare for it.;
You have been tasked to slay 5 scribs. Apparently, although not hostile, scribs have often been wandering into the streets of Balmora, disturbing the locals. You have a feeling that they are coming from the kwama egg mine to the south of Balmora, as well as the swamps to the south-east.;hunt;scrib;scrib diseased;scrib blighted;5;gold_001;0;Perhaps you should return to the guild for your reward.;
You are now on your way to the Balmora's guild of fighters to claim your reward.;travel;Balmora, Guild of Fighters;1;gold_001;1000;The person who gave you the task is indeed impressed you managed to come back in one piece. He hands you your reward - thousand pieces of gold.;
The town of Balmora seems to be at peace. Seizing the opportunity to rest, you decide to travel to the local temple and pray.;travel;Balmora, Temple;1;luck;5;You pray at the temple and you feel all your worries fade away for a brief moment. Then you get up. Many adventures still wait for you. Dangers unknown trouble your mind. Yet, you feel confident that you will be just fine. In fact, you feel like this will be your lucky day...;
Your curiousity draws you to town of Caldera - a home to the miners of the famous Caledra Ebony Mines. Perhaps in the local inn, Shenk's Shovel, you will find something to do.;travel;Caldera, Shenk's Shovel;1;gold_001;0;At the inn, you spot a note on the wall.;
The note in the inn says: "Visit Hodlismod's for all of your blacksmithing needs!";travel;Caldera, Hodlismod: Armorer;1;gold_001;0;Hodlismod has a proposition for you - in exchange for some ebony and gold, he will craft you an ebony helm.;
Hodlismod says that to craft the helmet, he needs 5 pieces of raw ebony and 2000 gold to cover crafting fees.;gather;ingred_raw_ebony_01;gold_001;5;2000;gold_001;0;I should now return to Hodlismod and see if he will keep his end of the deal.;
I am now on my way back to the blacksmith to get my helmet crafted.;travel;Caldera, Hodlismod: Armorer;1;ebony_pauldron_left;ebony_pauldron_right;1;1;The blacksmith hands you two pieces of metal. Confused, you ask him what is that. "My apologies, but I was unable to craft the helmet I promised. I am not as good of a smith I used to be. But worry not, I have crafted something even better - two pauldrons. And they are both yours!;